# TripTrak - Your Travel Companion

## Overview

TripTrak is your ultimate travel companion, designed to help you comprehensively track all your vacations and travels. This versatile app combines a user-friendly dashboard, beautiful photo integration, and easy trip management. Keep your travel memories organized and accessible with TripTrak.

---

## Features

- **User-Friendly Dashboard:** Our intuitive dashboard simplifies trip management, making it easy for users to create, edit, and customize their travel experiences.

- **Vivid Photo Integration:** Capture the essence of your adventures by adding vivid photos to your trips. Relive your favorite moments with every glance.

- **Comprehensive Trip Management:** Track your vacations comprehensively with detailed trip information, including city and country details, start and end dates, and customizable notes.

- **Categorize Your Experiences:** Categorize your travel experiences into various types, such as events, dining, and experiences, ensuring your memories are well-organized.

- **Rate Your Notes:** Give your notes a personal touch by rating them, and add descriptive text to make them more memorable.

---

## Getting Started

To get started with TripTrak, follow these simple steps:
1. Clone the repository:   
    
   ```shell
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd Trip-Trak
   ```  

2. Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended):  
     
   ```shell
   python -m venv env
   source env/bin/activate # On Windows, use  
   env\Scripts\activate
   ```  

3. Install project dependencies:  
    
   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```  

4. Apply database migrations:
     
   ```shell
   python manage.py migrate
   ```  

5. Start the development server:
        
   ```shell
   python manage.py runserver
   ```  

6. Access the application in your web browser at `http://localhost:8000`.

*This project is part of ZTM's Django Course*  
  
  
    
*This README was generated by ChatGPT.*
